make the VP9 CodecPrivate recommended but not mandatory (#886)
ietf-wg-cellar/matroska-specification: codec_specs.md

Codec BlockAdditions: A single-channel encoding of an alpha channel **MAY** be stored in `BlockAdditions`. The `BlockAddId` of the `BlockMore` containing these data **MUST** be 1.

Initialization: The `CodecPrivate` **SHOULD** contain a list of specific VP9 codec features as described in the "VP9 Codec Feature Metadata" section of [@!WebMContainer].

> As many muxers don't provide the `CodecPrivate` for "V_VP9" so it's not a hard requirement. However, it is **RECOMMENDED** to provide this information that can help select a decoder on playback.

Reviewer: IMO the second sentence is redundant (same meaning as the "SHOULD" one line above) and can be removed.

Author: They are not giving the same information. The first explain why it's not a MUST. The other why it should be a MUST but it's not.

Reviewer: "However, it is **RECOMMENDED** to provide this information that can help select a decoder on playback." is synonym of "The `CodecPrivate` **SHOULD** contain".

Or I would rephrase for avoiding 2x the IETF wording (SHOULD & RECOMMENDED), overall it would be:
```suggestion
Initialization: The `CodecPrivate` **SHOULD** contain a list of specific VP9 codec features as described in the "VP9 Codec Feature Metadata" section of [@!WebMContainer].
This piece of data helps to select a decoder on playback, but as defacto many muxers don't provide the `CodecPrivate` for "V_VP9" so it's not a hard requirement.
It is possible for the decoder to reconstruct the "VP9 Codec Feature Metadata" from the first frame in the case `CodecPrivate` is not present.
```

Author: OK, I took your suggestion for the second sentence and slightly tweaked it.

> It is possible for the decoder to reconstruct the "VP9 Codec Feature Metadata" from the first frame in the case `CodecPrivate` is not present.

Reviewer 2: Minor nitpicks:

- "…in the case…" is usually used simply as "…in case…"
- The whole sentence "Many muxers don't…" might read better as: "As many muxers don't provide the `CodecPrivate` for "V_VP9" tracks, it's not a hard requirement."
- I think there should be a comma after the "However" in "However it is…", as in: "However, it is…"

Apart from these I'm fine with the change. Thanks.

Author: I made the suggested changes. We do have a comma after all the "However" usage.
